[Autogenerated] as we move into the last section,
you should be in the final stages preparing for your exams.
Hopefully you've gone through all of these questions that
we've reviewed and you've got them.
All right,
so if you haven't go back and study that but you need to be
familiar with all of these knowledge areas for the exam
before we discuss the actual exam,
I want to quickly remind you of the four key areas of focus that
we've been talking about throughout this class and that they were
using to build your mental model.
As you went through this process,
we want to get these four key areas and just quickly review what these
are so that you need to do any last minute prep.
You can go back and look at these things.
If you're not familiar with something, So the first of these areas is compute.
The compute portion of the exam will have questions around things like you see,
too even rds.
Even though rds is a database, remember,
it has a compute component to it, so you could get questions from that.
So make sure you understand those aspects.
AWS Lambda is another area that comes up making sure you're familiar with how
serverless computing works and how lambda functions work.
Also, e CSS and fargate.
You might get a couple of questions on the exam,
not the focus of the exam, but is far as containers go.
This is the way we do.
And if we're talking about several is containers,
we're gonna use a service like fargate.
In addition to compute, we also have our networking portion.
Even though all of the networks in AWS are software to find,
we still use sub nets within our virtual private clouds.
You can have multiple VP CSS that you can isolate or you can
even interconnect using something like VPC peering or
interface in points using private link.
You have security on your networks using something called nak ALS or
network access Control is which we've covered.
They act very similar to firewall rules.
We also have security groups that are at the end I level,
and these are going to act like firewall rules next to the
instance itself within the sub net again.
We've covered these subjects and you should have been studying
these when you're building your mental model,
so this should not be new.
We also talked about V VPNs briefly, and you need to be familiar with VPN.
You don't need to write a build one,
but you need to understand the components that go into creating a VPN a V G W,
which is a virtual private gateway, which is on the AWS side,
and the C G W, which is the customer gateway and is on the customer side.
These are both fundamentally important to understanding
the networking portion of the exam.
We also need to look at storage.
There are really, fundamentally two types of storage when they needed AWS.
If you really break it down,
there's what we call live storage and archive storage for our calves were
mostly going to be dealing with services like Amazon Glacier.
Then we also have our S3 buckets for our actual active data.
We have EBS volumes and instant store volumes, even four hour live data.
The other thing you should keep in mind on this area of focus is
that database storage can come up under storage.
Questions just like database could come under compute questions.
So being able to,
differentiate these and understand how database storage works is important
and database storage would also be considered live storage.
The fourth area is database is themselves.
You need to understand there is gonna be some crossover.
Like I said, between compute and storage and this database focus,
even though there's gonna be lots of managed database is in AWS
services like red shift things like Neptune dynamodb.
Most of your questions on database is on.
The exam will be focused on Amazon RDS.
And when you're answering any of these exam questions
in these four areas as they come up, you always need to be asking yourself,
How can I do this in the most secure way possible?
Finally, before we move into our final exam review,
it is imperative that you have this down because 90% of your questions on
the exam will come from these four key areas of focus.
There may be some other things that come in from other ways,
but 90% of your exam will come from these areas of focus.
So if you have these down, you should be ready to pass your exam.
Let's now look a tsum exam techniques that can help you going into the exam.
Things need to be focused on when you're in the actual test
built your mental model you've prepared.
Now you're ready to walk into the testing center and take the exam.
I'm going to discuss a few techniques to help you
maximize your chances of passing the exam.
And then I'll briefly talk about the exam itself.
So is far as exam techniques.
Let's take a look.
There are five verbs I want to draw your attention to
understand being the first one so determined.
The key question being asked in the question.
Not all the details in the question or relevant or necessary.
Figure out what the question is asking.
Next eliminate.
Get rid of answers that have fake info or wrong info in them.
Eliminate other answers that conflict with the key
concept that you're focused on.
Third, evaluate.
Think through the trade offs of the responses that are left.
Once you've eliminated the other answers,
consider what is stated as well as implied in the question,
because it's not always clear.
Fourth choose, pick the right number of answer choices,
select the best options and eliminate the wrong ones.
Finally, validate.
Make sure the answer you choose answers.
The question verify that your answer choice does not
conflict with the details in the question.
The exam itself has 65 questions.
There is no penalty for guessing, and all questions have the same point value.
You have 130 minutes to complete these exam,
which should be more than enough time.
All the questions are scenario based, so if you get to a question,
you don't know how to answer it Market for review and then come back to
it later because they're all worth the same points.
So if you don't get to one question or can't get back to it,
that's okay, because you probably answered some easier questions.
But you should be able to get through all of the questions in 130 minutes
if you studied the way that you should for the exam.
Multiple choice with single answer, as well as to answer questions on this exam.
Some of the exams will have three answers that are true,
but for the Solutions Architect associate exam,
there will be no questions will have more than two correct answers on them, so you'll either have one single answer or to answer questions